one four month old chick is especially
hungry like the thousands of other
albatross chicks he stills flightless
and dependent on his parents for food
but his mother is the oldest known
living bird in the wild an astonishing
67 years old he hasn't seen her for over
a week in the ceiling' tropical Sun he
pants to cool down and can only watch
while other parents return to feed their
chicks
[Music]
finally after two long weeks of waiting
the world's oldest-known bird appears
[Music]
identified as z33 three on a leg band
she's more affectionately known as
wisdom
[Music]
to her chick no she's instantly
recognizable as llama
[Music]
in her extraordinary lifetime wisdom has
flown around three million miles and
successfully raised 37 chicks today
she's surrounded by three generations of
her extended family but this exceptional
great-grandmother has no time to rest
only staying for ten minutes before
leaving to search for more food
[Music]